[Intro]
It’s nice to meet you! I’m Zach
and welcome to my page here on this years Grad-site.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I started to design when I was just a kid learning to apply motion and design within
videos and for me and my friends YouTube pages,
doing sport or playing video games.
and 10 years later, here I am officially a designer?
It’s been an honour to get this far and have developed my skills this much.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or hex?]
Personally, I consider myself a fan of every colour and every design.
I find the fun and the challenge in creating designs that
fit best with the client and with what needs to be done
and I rarely stay to the same colours, styles, or fonts.
I really focus on what's really going to be the best product out there.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
I love the diversity of design and the art of communication, the art of communicating with design itself.
I’m really excited for the future of design and what it has to hold.
I hope to get meet you on that path.
[Outro]